\input texinfo
@c %**start of header
@include version.texi
@settitle Libcommoner User's Manual 1.0
@setfilename libcommoner.info
@c %**end of header
@copying
This manual is for Commoner (version @value{VERSION}, updated @value{UPDATED}),
which provides a comprehensive guide to using Commoner.

Copyright @copyright{} 2015-2018 Alexej G. Magura.

@quotation
This file is a part of Commoner

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title (lib)Commoner
@subtitle Comprehensive User's Manual
@author Alexej Magura @email{amagura28@@gmail.com}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top libcommoner

This manual is for Commoner (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::        Why should I use this library?
* Getting started::	Step-by-step guide to using the library.
* Copying conditions::  Your rights.
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction
@cindex introduction, first
This chapter explains how you can start using

@node Getting started
@chapter Getting started
@cindex getting started, second
This chapter explains how to get

@node Copying conditions
@chapter Copying conditions
Commoner is free software; everyone is free to use it, in compliance with the Apache License and any sublicenses specified@footnote{these are included in the actual defintion for functions and are placed directly above macros} within Commoner's code.

@noindent Presently, Commoner only has two items which are under the purview of separate licenses:

@itemize @bullet
@item
Functions
@itemize @minus
@item
strlcat (BSD 3-Clause)
@item
strlcpy (ISC)
@end itemize
@end itemize

@menu
* Apache:: Version 2.0 (full-text)
* ISC::
* BSD 3-C::
@end menu

@node Apache
@page
@include LICENSE

@node ISC
@page
This license is used by the implementation of @i{strlcpy} included in Commoner (@t{src/commoner.c})

@quotation
Copyright @copyright{} 1998, 2015 Todd C. Miller @email{Todd.Miller@@courtesan.com}

 Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
 purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
 copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
 WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
 MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
 ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
 WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
 ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
 OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
@end quotation

@node BSD 3-C
@page
This license is used by the implementation of @i{strlcat} included in Commoner (@t{src/commoner.c})

@quotation
 Copyright @copyright{} 1998 Todd C. Miller @email{Todd.Miller@@courtesan.com}@*
 All rights reserved.

 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 are met:
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
 INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
 AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
 THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
 EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
 PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
 OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
 WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
 OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
 ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
@end quotation


@c@page
@c@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@c@insertcopying
@bye
